aws_auth.oidc_role_arn limitation on container runner (#8791)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/container-runner.adoc

* Any known <<runner-overview#limitations,limitation>> for the existing self-hosted runner will continue to be a limitation of container agent.
* There is no support for container environments other than Kubernetes at this time.
* <<building-docker-images#,`setup_remote_docker`>> as a command is not supported with container runner.  See <<#building-container-images,Building Container Images>>.

> * `aws_auth.oidc_role_arn` is not supported on the container runner. You can set up AWS authentication using the `aws_auth` field. More information can be found in our link:https://circleci.com/docs/configuration-reference/#oidc[Configuration Reference].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `aws_auth.oidc_role_arn` is not supported on the container runner. You can set up AWS authentication using the `aws_auth` field. More information can be found in the xref:configuration-reference#oidc[Configuration Reference].
```
```suggestion
* `aws_auth.oidc_role_arn` is not supported on the container runner. You can set up AWS authentication using the `aws_auth` field. More information can be found in our link:https://circleci.com/docs/configuration-reference/#oidc[Configuration Reference].
```
